Ye Feifan, are you back to see my jokes again?
Zhang Shaojun
Why do you still have the face to come back and get out
I don't want to see you.
It's not up to you whether you want to see me or not
He is Tianya
What do you want?
What do I do?
Shen Tianyao, if you dare to move again
I will kill you now
Take away
Ah let me go
Extraordinary I got some news
When your mother had an accident
Zhang Family
It's just a cannon fodder thrown out by someone.
The real murderer is someone else
Just because of Zhang Zhi's death
A lot of information is difficult to find out
Oh, I see.
I'll investigate the rest myself.
Lord Ye Feifan has helped you so much
Not even a thank you
What a roll of the eyes
Jin Zongduo
Thank you. I'm sorry. Something happened
Since last night
You haven't found the whereabouts of Zhang Suffering
And Shen Qianyao is gone too
So what's going on?
Why did so many men suddenly disappear?
I've sent someone to investigate.
I believe there should be results soon.
Ye Feifan
Give you half an hour to go to Chengbei Chemical Plant
If you don't fall
Shen Qinyao's life will not be saved
What does his life and death have to do with me?
Can you write it?
Big mistake
Ye Feifan, I am waiting for you
Shen Zhai couldn't even say such a thing
Are you still a man?
You really didn't stand by and watch Xiang, did you?
Extraordinary does it